{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 iCY:\

\b0 Primary work: Working on the game screen in the app. This was interesting work as I got to essentially make an HTML5 game. I used a drag and drop jquery plugin that was slightly modified by someone. I found the whole sample project on a website, which I then downloaded and started customizing. Before finding this plugin I spent a significant amount of time searching for different frameworks/plugins to use before I found the correct one. One of the plugins either had compatibility issues on the playbook, or were just too slow to implement.\
Biggest Hitch: Implementing the drag and drop was not difficult at all. The difficulty was with dealing with the html elements when dragging. So for example, when dragging the pills in to the boxes, I had to be able to fit multiple pills in one box, so being able to dynamically render the pills was important. That also meant the sizes of the html elements also had to change accordingly, and doing this properly was pretty challenging. Also, some features like being able to move the pills back to the top from the boxes was important, and this meant the pills remaining in the box had to increase in size to fit properly. These issues were the most challenging ones, and the other numerous bugs were easy to resolve.}